strip-bom - Strip UTF-8 byte order mark (BOM) from a string.

strip-indent - Strip leading whitespace from each line in a string.

strip-json-comments - Strip comments from JSON.

supports-color - Detect if a terminal supports color.

symbol-tree - Fast ES6 Symbol-based implementation of N-ary tree.

table - Pretty-print tabular data in the console.

term-size - Get the terminal window size.

ternary-stream - A ternary stream that routes data based on a predicate.

to-readable-stream - Convert a Buffer/String/Array/ArrayBuffer to a readable stream.

toposort - Topological sorting algorithm.

type-check - Check the type of JavaScript values.

type-is - Infer the content-type of a request.

typedarray-to-buffer - Convert a typed array to a Buffer.

universalify - Make a callback-based function support promises.

unzip-response - Unzip HTTP response if needed.

update-notifier - Update notifications for your CLI app.

uri-js - Fully RFC3986-compliant URI parsing and formatting.

user-home - Get the path to the current user's home directory.

util-deprecate - A function that marks functions as deprecated.

v8flags - Retrieve V8 command-line flags for the current environment.

validate-npm-package-license - Check the license field of a package.json.

verror - Create error classes that inherit from VError.

walker - A node module for recursive directory traversal.

which - Locate a program file in the PATH.

window-size - Reliable way to get the height and width of the terminal/console.

wrap-ansi - Wordwrap a string with ANSI escape codes.

write-file-atomic - Write a file atomically.

xdg-basedir - Get XDG Base Directory paths.

x-is-string - Utility for testing if a value is a string.

xo - JavaScript/TypeScript linter with great defaults.

xtend - Extend like a boss.

y18n - The bare minimum for i18n in your library or application.

yargs - yargs the modern, pirate-themed, successor to optimist.

zen-observable - An implementation of Observables for JavaScript.

zip-stream - Streamable archive generator.

dequal - Performs a deep comparison between two values to determine if they are equivalent.

hasha - Hashing made simple. Get the hash of a buffer/string/stream/file.

query-string - Parse and stringify URL query strings.

env-var - Parse, validate, and sanitize environment variables.

figures - Unicode symbols with Windows CMD fallbacks.

gaze - A globbing file watcher.

humanize-duration - Human readable durations like “1 minute”.

ip - IP address utilities.

js-yaml - YAML 1.2 parser and serializer.

leven - Measure the difference between two strings.

locate-path - Get the first path that exists on disk of multiple paths.

md5 - Tiny JavaScript implementation of the MD5 algorithm.

mimic-fn - Make a function mimic another one.

ms - Tiny millisecond conversion utility.

node-releases - Node.jsreleases data.

normalize-url