p-map - Map over promises concurrently.

p-series - Run promise-returning & async functions in series.

p-limit - Run multiple promise-returning & async functions with limited concurrency.

p-memoize - Memoize promise-returning & async functions.

p-retry - Retry a promise-returning or async function.

parent-module - Find the parent module of a module.

path-exists - Check if a path exists.

pretty-bytes - Convert bytes to a human readable string.

random-number-csprng - Generate a random number within a range, using a cryptographically secure PRNG.

redent - Strip redundant indentation from template literals.

require-from-string - Require a module from a string.

safe-eval - Evaluate JavaScript code without allowing global variables to be modified.

semver - The semantic version parser used by npm.

slugify - Slugifies a string, even when it contains Unicode.

strip-bom-buffer - Strip UTF-8 BOM from a Buffer.

test-value - Test if a value matches a predefined pattern.

to-arraybuffer - Convert a buffer to an ArrayBuffer.

to-iso-string - Convert a Date object to an ISO string.

type-of - Find out what type a value is.

unified - Interface for processing text using plugins.

upper-case - Convert a string to uppercase.

validate-npm-package-name - Validate the name of an npm package.

verror - Rich JavaScript errors.

window-size - Get the terminal window size.

wrap-ansi - Wordwrap a string with ANSI escape codes.

yargs-parser - The mighty option parser used by yargs.

xtend - Extend like a boss.

zen-observable - An implementation of Observables for JavaScript.

zone.js - Implements Zones for JavaScript.

zwitch - Switchboard for functions.

emoji-regex - A regular expression to match all emoji symbols and sequences.

find-up - Find a file or directory by walking up parent directories.

find-cache-dir - Finds the common standard directory for cache files.

flat - Flatten or unflatten nested objects.

flip - Flip text characters upside down and reverse text direction.

globby - A better globbing API.

hash-sum - Generates a simple hash from a given input string.

http-errors - Create HTTP errors.

is-stream - Determine if an object is a stream.

js-tokens - ECMAScript lexical tokens.

keyv - Simple key-value storage with support for multiple backends.

levenary - Levenshtein distance with speed & simplicity.

lower-case - Convert a string to lowercase.

mimic-response - Make a function mimic an HTTP response.

normalize-url - Normalize a URL.

path-exists - Check if a path exists.

pretty-bytes - Convert bytes to a human readable string.

random-number-csprng - Generate a random number within a range, using a cryptographically secure PRNG.

remove-trailing-separator - Remove the trailing directory separator.

require-from-string - Require a module from a string.