http-errors - Create HTTP errors.

http-proxy - A full-featured HTTP proxy.

http-signature - Reference implementation of Joyent's HTTP Signature scheme.

iconv-lite - Convert character encodings in pure JavaScript.

ignore-walk - Utility for ignoring things during recursive directory traversals.

imurmurhash - An incremental implementation of MurmurHash3 for JavaScript.

indexof - A safer implementation of the array indexOf method.

ini - An ini parser/serializer in JavaScript.

is-absolute-url - Check if a URL is absolute.

is-binary-path - Check if a file path is binary.

is-callable - Determine whether a given value is callable.

is-ci - Detect if a process is running in a CI environment.

is-data-descriptor - Check if a value is a valid data descriptor.

is-descriptor - Check if a value is a valid descriptor.

is-extendable - Returns true if a value is a plain object or function.

is-extglob - Returns true if a string has an extglob.

is-fullwidth-code-point - Check if the character represented by a given Unicode code point is fullwidth.

is-glob - Returns true if a string looks like a glob pattern.

is-path-cwd - Check if a path is the current working directory.

is-path-in-cwd - Check if a path is inside the current working directory.

is-plain-obj - Check if a value is a plain object.

is-promise - Test if something looks like a promise.

is-redirect - Check if a URL is a redirect.

is-regular-file - Check if a file path is a regular file.

is-retry-allowed - Check if a retry is allowed based on the error code.

isstream - Determine if an object is a stream.

is-svg - Check if a file path is an SVG.

js-levenshtein - Measure the difference between two strings.

jsonfile - Read and write JSON files.

jsprim - utilities for manipulating JavaScript objects.

levn - Levenshtein distance algorithm.

lodash - A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, and extras.

lodash-compat - A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, & extras.

log-symbols - Colored symbols for various log levels.

lower-case - Convert a string to lower case.

lru-cache - A least-recently-used cache.

merge2 - Merge multiple streams into one stream.

micromatch - Glob matcher.

minimatch - A minimal matching utility.

nanoid - A tiny, secure URL-friendly unique string ID generator for JavaScript.

negotiator - HTTP content negotiation.

node-fetch - A light-weight module that brings window.fetch to Node.js.

node-int64 - Support for 64-bit numbers on JavaScript.

node-releases - Node.jsreleases data.

npm-package-arg - Parse the url or shorthand of an npm package.

npm-run-all - A CLI tool to run multiple npm-scripts.

oauth-sign - A library for signing OAuth requests.

object-assign - ES6 Object.assign() ponyfill.

object.defaults - Safely assign properties from source objects into a target object.

path-is-absolute - Check if a path is absolute.

path-key - Get the PATH environment variable key cross-platform.

postcss - Tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript.

pretty-bytes - Convert bytes to a human readable string.

proxy-addr - Determine the address of a proxied request.

punycode - A robust Punycode converter that fully complies with RFC 3492 and RFC 5891.

qs - A query string parser.

randombytes - Generate strong pseudo-random bytes.

readable-stream - Streams3, a user-land copy of the stream library from Node.js.